 i am waiting for a day  - it is not written on any calander. when the city erupts. after a long winter the carwindows come down and the music pours from the windows. people are half dressed on the streets . it is not quite hot, but not to cold either  it is the first spring day, people dress in expecataion the women wear flip flops. the air is warm the sun in bright, the city bloowms with the first flowers of spring. just like the flowers that spring brings. the flowers open up tentatierly  = all the stored enerty in the flowers. the flowers over take the city. where did the flowers go. the city. you want to give her a picture of the city that she left. foo foo foo the dragon. the dragons watch tv. can you create and watch tv at the smae times. do you want to 
do you remember the sankes in the dream. you were a medeval traveler - on crudade from some great sin. i was in a cave. the snakes all came alive. you draped themin a burlap sack. did you stabe them  maybe. i dont rememer. but you ioavercame them . the snakes were secret knowlegde. the cobra. jung jung knows. 

that is overtakingthe dragin. i remember the scared feeling of capturing them in the burlap. the half scared movements. you didnot even see it coming. it was so fast you didnt know you were doing it. death could have been there. wizzing before you. the eyes could not see. the stress the trepidation. snakes could kill you . 
the same snakes that killed your brother. that over took him inthe night. the city that was burning. you faced that demone and won. he did not . di you wnat to write hie expitha. what did he die for. he died for you . 


the dragon. the demon. the demon on the front lawn and you hit him with the dart. he was long haried and balding. fat on my fear. there was the push a pull. the tensoion. you can still feel it. andrew wants me to give. 

the girl holly. whe was pretty. she was nice. she didn't want me and you hated her for it. you did however have a first row seat to her failure. you are on this thing alot. she siad- you remember. that hurt me. she wounded me. and you remember it. you had a fron t row seat to her failure. 

tell her about the apartment about how it will sell for more if only she held on. her mother came to visit her to see how she was doing. her friends did not einviter her to lunch. and she knwe that she was in toruble. she wanted that life more than anythig truman captote like she wanted to be a new yorl lady. that mix of english and paris on this dife of the pond. the style. the sin. she lusted after a visionof herself. clothed i a city. the city idenify. the city clotherd her . she was draped in the city. she was the city and all of it s glamoer oall of its riches all of it delicous sins. the power. womandly power. we all want power just men and women want it different. from the city. from new york to houston. she thought that i was obtuse. mary beth was the saem way the same person almost. remember the voice. the voice of oreland. you came back to mew york and you fell for the se who had afallen for new yorl, marybeth was sickenly romantic. she was and idiot who loved herself. she got waht she wanted thoug. shopping in thet store. she was very positive.,  i was not even a foot not e in her life. i wanted to be more. but what did i want in wanting her. we went out once. and it didnt really work out. she said tht she wantede to see me again. 
i count do it. 

i was afraid. 

i never thought of the similarityof th tow women. there were both very simialr in what the wanted. marybeth was so aggogant. but was is wrong withthat. she really thought that she was awesome. that piano bar. she had a good life. her father gave her a good life. she had more a of a family than me. more of a family than me. she was of a certian class. fail. she was a failure she didnt care though. she did not know th e fkind ff fail she was. how could she see that die of her self. she was a fai. fail . it never bothered her though. whe was oblivious to her failings. 

my failure is alwasy before me like a shadow. i see it sometimes. 


the interplay. 

why did you love that thing. why could you not just have sex withher and be over with it. sex see what she was see what she is. taste that which what you wanted. you did not have the courage to taste what you wanted. what if you liked it. what if it overtook you . it overtook you anyway. he who hesitates is lost. because by giving in to eh fear that which with you fear will take you . you need t o plow through life / plw forward through life. 

housont is the fattest city. 

they was she took off that jewerly. that simplicity of it. the makeing fun o f something so gaouch and yet so soimple. she ordered tiffany plates on ebay. as if the experience o f a tififayn placte . haof the joy of woning a tifanny plate id is walking ointo the thifayy and being courted , be helped upon by that power. the power kneeling to you offering you that plate. the city and it s glamor. clothed in power in prestige. the city is clothed in power. the city embodied in people people represent the city. the backbiting the plotting the interplay the tugging back and fourth. sex it that same interplay the nietzsche said. that pain but pleasure. that gossip the plotting the maneriving. the dominiation. taking over someone. the win the big win. that back and ofoutrth. the dance of the city. somepeole healty people love the dance. the interpaly / interplay. they joy. something rediscovered. teenagers rediscover. the joys of babies in freedom. 

giossip girl  - unlimited wealth. unmlimited prestiger. the city. clothed in the city. unlimited beauty, beauty is power. beauty is power. the body cluture is encapulalated in the body. a saint with beautiful legs. and idiot. nietzsche. the power and the glory. the mystique of new yorkl 

that was an hour. 
